# Vault

This is a handmade password management tool to generate and store robust passwords.
You simply type a service name and an account ID and it will generate a password for you.
Alternatively, if you have your own password you can also store it as it is.

## HOW TO USE
1. Clone or download the repo and navigate to that directory.
2. Setup environmetal variables below if necessary:
  - `PW_LENGTH (optional)`: Length of passwords generated by this software (Default is 50 letters long).
3. Run `npm install`.
4. Run `node app.js`. You are going to be asked to create the admin password.
5. (Optional) Run `node two_factor_auth.js` to setup 2FA. See below for more details.


## ENABLE TWO FACTOR AUTHENTICATION (2FA)
It is a highly effective security measure. Once you enable 2FA, you will have to enter a one-time password along with your normal password when you login.
### HOW TO ENABLE 2FA
0. Make sure that you have run `node app.js` preiously, so that database and admin password is set correctly
1. Run `node two_factor_auth.js`
2. Jot down the ascii value of the output. e.g.,
  ```javascript
  {
    ascii: 'GA,?3VNCe^Ff&Ip*VXF38&/x<GJm?,Z[',
    hex: '47412c3f33564e43655e46662649702a5658463338262f783c474a6d3f2c5a5b',
    base32: 'I5ASYPZTKZHEGZK6IZTCMSLQFJLFQRRTHATC66B4I5FG2PZMLJNQ',
    otpauth_url: 'otpauth://totp/Vault?secret=I5ASYPZTKZHEGZK6IZTCMSLQFJLFQRRTHATC66B4I5FG2PZMLJNQ'
  }
  ```
3. Downlaod either Microsoft Authenticator or Google Authenticator on your smartphone
4. Scan the QR code in your terminal from the authenticator app
6. You are all set! From the next time you run `node app.js`, you are going to be prompted to enter 2FA.

### TODOs
- Master password encryption with sha-512
- Passwords encryption with RSA keys
- Deploy to a online server (really necessary?)
- Require pw twice when they first create it